[Tutorials] Continue moving metadata to frontmatter (#1315)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/tutorials/custom-timescaledb-dashboards.md

---
title: Custom TimescaleDB dashboards

> excerpt: Build custom TimescaleD bdashboards with Hasura GraphQL and React

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Build custom TimescaleDB dashboards with Hasura GraphQL and React
```
